Note :
1. Every assignment should be placed in separate folder
2. Every folder of assinment contains
	One file which contains our program
	One file as a header file
	One makefile to compile our application
	One readme file which contains description
3. Every input should be accepted using command line.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
15. Write a program which is used to demonstrate concept of I/O redirection.

16. Write a aprogram which accept directory name from user and create new directory of that name.

17. Write a program which accept two file names from user and check whether contents of that two files are equal are not.

18.  Write a program which accept directory name from user and copy first 10 bytes from all regular files into newly created file named as demo.

19. Write a program which accept file name and position from user and read 20 bytes from that position.

20. Write a program which writes structure in file.

21. Write a program which accept file name from user which contains information of emloyee , we have to read all contents of that file.

22. 	Write a program which accept directory name from user and write information of all regular file in and then read the contents from that file.

23. 	Write a program which accept directory name from user and combine all contents of file from that directory into one file named as AllCombine.

24. 	Write a program which accept file name which contains data of all file. We have to create all file again.

25. Write a program which accept file name which contains data of all file. We have to print  all file names whose size is greater that 10 bytes.

26. Write a program which create hole of size 1kb at the end of file.

27. Write a aprogram which accept directory name and file name from user and create file in that directory.

28. Write a program which accept directory name from user and delete all such files whose size is greater than 100 bytes.

29. 	Write a program which accept file name from user and offset, remove all the data from that offset.

30. Write a program which accept directory name from user and create hole in file if size is less than 1kb & if it is greater than 1kb then truncate the remaining data.
